Summary: Two World II is a fantasy role playing game which continues the storyline from the first game.

Aziraal was the ancient god of war revered by the Orcs and said to possess immense powers. When Aziraal's tomb was opened at the end of the first game, the god's powers transferred to our hero's sister. Now the dark lord Gandohar, determined to have Aziraal's power for himself, has taken our hero and his sister captive and is draining those powers from her. The escape from the prison acts as a tutorial for the game until the hero finally steps out into Antaloor.

There is a huge world to be explored containing deserts, forests, swamps, seashores, cities and rural areas, plus many hidden caves and dungeons. There will be encounters with every kind of monster imaginable from killer insects to huge beasts, as well as humanoid enemies of varied races. Since the levels of the enemies are not tied to the player's level, some fights need to be avoided until the hero advances and increases his abilities. The game boasts that there are enough quests to keep players busy for about 100 hours.

In the single-player game, the hero can be a male only. His specialty (warrior, ranger, mage) can be changed at will by swapping equipment. Success as each is entirely dependent upon how earned skill points are assigned.

Two Worlds II features improvements over the first game including new user interface, game engine and magic & crafting systems. It includes all of the gameplay elements that were part of Two Worlds I (riding on horseback, crafting, forging, alchemy). Sailing (planned for the first game, but never released) is possible in this game, albeit in only a few locations.

Feats and skills can be learned to enhance each form of combat. Learned spells can be combined with each other using the new card modifiers to enhance or change their effects. Improvements to the crafting/forging aspects make it possible to improve weapons and armor differently. For instance, objects in inventory can be broken down to their base elements (cloth, wood, iron).

Two Worlds II also offers five multiplayer modes for up to 8 players: Crystal Capture, PvP, Dual, Adventure (7 chapters), and a Village mode. In multiplayer, new characters are created with a choice of several races and can be male or female.

Genre: Role-playing (RPG)

Theme: Action, Fantasy, Open world